# === LIFE JOURNEY APP — GEMINI CLI PROMPT SCRIPT ===
# Stack utama:
# Backend: Node.js, Express.js, PostgreSQL, Prisma ORM
# Frontend: React + Vite + Tailwind CSS
# Auth: JWT + Refresh Token
# Optional: Zod (validation), Multer/Cloud storage (media), Zustand/Redux Toolkit (state)

You are my coding agent. Your job is to generate production-ready code for my Life Journey web application.  
Follow these rules:

1. **Use the stack below for every code output**:
   - Node.js + Express
   - PostgreSQL
   - Prisma ORM
   - React + Vite
   - Tailwind CSS
   - JWT auth (access + refresh token)
   - Zod for validation
   - Zustand for state management
   - Folder structure clean & scalable

2. **Output always in complete code blocks**, ready to paste.

3. **Backend Requirements**
   - Create Express modular routes & controllers.
   - Use Prisma schema for:
        * User
        * JourneyEntry (journal / progress)
        * Milestones
        * Tags
        * Reflections
   - Include authentication flow:
        * register
        * login
        * refresh token
        * logout
   - Use middleware for:
        * auth
        * error handling
        * validation with Zod
   - Use `.env` with DATABASE_URL and JWT keys.
   - Provide SQL-safe Prisma queries only.

4. **Frontend Requirements**
   - Create React components using:
        * Vite
        * Tailwind
        * Zustand store
   - Implement pages:
        * Login
        * Register
        * Dashboard
        * Add Journey Entry
        * Detail Journey Entry
   - Provide reusable components:
        * Input
        * Button
        * Card
        * ProtectedRoute
   - API calls via fetch wrapper:
        * get()
        * post()
        * put()
        * del()

5. **API Structure**
   - /auth/register
   - /auth/login
   - /auth/refresh
   - /journey
   - /milestones
   - /tags
   - /reflections

6. **Coding Rules**
   - Always generate clean, modern code.
   - Keep comments minimal but helpful.
   - Never generate deprecated syntax.
   - Always assume TypeScript **off** unless I tell you to use TS.
   - Always include file paths above each output:
        Example:
        ```bash
        backend/src/routes/auth.js
        ```

7. **If I ask for a new feature**, update the backend + frontend structure consistently.

8. If something is unclear, ask a short clarifying question first.

# === END OF SCRIPT ===
